conboarding.md, before:

# Con/boarding

This pages is intended for new employees of the Center for Open
Neuroscience, so please note that the public does not have access to
some of these links.

## Accounts

### Github

Ask Yarik to add you to the [CON Org](https://github.com/con)

### Chat clients

No CON centralized IM ATM, only per project and for different communities.

1. DANDI slack workspace: registration comes with registering a user on https://dandiarchive.org. Then user needs to be invited to "internal" room.
2. ReproNIM slack workspace (ask Yarik)
3. DataLad matrix.io: [public room](https://matrix.to/#/#datalad:matrix.org), [internal](not-sure-if-not-private)
4. [NWB slack workspace](https://join.slack.com/t/nwb-users/shared_invite/enQtNzMwOTcwNzQ2MDM5LWMyZDUwODJjYjM3MzMzYzZiNDk4ZTU3ZjQ3MmMxMmY5MDUyNzc0ZDI5ZjViYmJjYTQ5NjljOGFjZmMwOGIwZmQ)
5. [mattermost brainhack](https://mattermost.brainhack.org/): for various open science projects

### Calendar

1. [DANDI cal](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=6a48akicfittlo932phrhdm84g%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FNew_York)
2. [ReproNIM cal](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=ahfj9rg32tmb459up8gkv2t7ek%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FNew_York)
2. Datalad cal (I got a link for this but didn't have permissions, Yarik?)

### Drive

1. [Repronim grant directory](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1AbpaqrCnInU-0V7KCxIn0RdG7578JrzI?ths=true) 

### Compute

What are the appropriate uses of each box?
How much does it cost to run things?


1. Send public key to Yarik for development box(es): smaug, typhon, etc
2. [Apply for Discovery Account](https://rcweb.dartmouth.edu/accounts/index.php)
3. ReproNim: request iam from David for AWS Access
4. DANDI: request credentials for DANDI from Satra



### Boilerplate

1. Add yourself to [whoweare](https://github.com/con/centerforopenneuroscience.org/blob/master/content/pages/whoweare.html) to be displayed on [the website](https://centerforopenneuroscience.org/whoweare).

Commit message:

extend description for public ssh

conboarding.md, after:

# Con/boarding

This pages is intended for new employees of the Center for Open
Neuroscience, so please note that the public does not have access to
some of these links.

## Accounts

### Github

Ask Yarik to add you to the [CON Org](https://github.com/con)

### Chat clients

No CON centralized IM ATM, only per project and for different communities.

0. CON-internal: by invitation (ask someone for a URL) after you get on matrix.io.
1. DANDI slack workspace: registration comes with registering a user on https://dandiarchive.org. Then user needs to be invited to "internal" room.
2. ReproNIM slack workspace (ask Yarik)
3. DataLad matrix.io: [public room](https://matrix.to/#/#datalad:matrix.org), [internal](not-sure-if-not-private)
4. [NWB slack workspace](https://join.slack.com/t/nwb-users/shared_invite/enQtNzMwOTcwNzQ2MDM5LWMyZDUwODJjYjM3MzMzYzZiNDk4ZTU3ZjQ3MmMxMmY5MDUyNzc0ZDI5ZjViYmJjYTQ5NjljOGFjZmMwOGIwZmQ)
5. [mattermost brainhack](https://mattermost.brainhack.org/): for various open science projects

### Calendar

0. TODO: CON Calendar
1. [DANDI cal](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=6a48akicfittlo932phrhdm84g%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FNew_York)
2. [ReproNIM cal](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=ahfj9rg32tmb459up8gkv2t7ek%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FNew_York)
2. Datalad cal (I got a link for this but didn't have permissions, Yarik?)

### Drive

1. [Repronim grant directory](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1AbpaqrCnInU-0V7KCxIn0RdG7578JrzI?ths=true) 

### Compute

What are the appropriate uses of each box?
How much does it cost to run things?


1. Send desired login name and .pub portion of the SSH key to Yarik for development box(es): smaug, typhon, etc
2. [Apply for Discovery Account](https://rcweb.dartmouth.edu/accounts/index.php)
3. ReproNim: request iam from David for AWS Access
4. DANDI: request credentials for DANDI from Satra



### Boilerplate

1. Add yourself to [whoweare](https://github.com/con/centerforopenneuroscience.org/blob/master/content/pages/whoweare.html) to be displayed on [the website](https://centerforopenneuroscience.org/whoweare).
